e-smith demo application
e-smid demo application

Change email retrieval settings
Change email r-r-retriefal settingkts

Rebecca's field
R-r-rebecca's field

Email retrieval mode
Email r-r-retriefal mode

The mail retrieval mode can be set to standard (for dedicated Internet connections), ETRN (recommended for dialup connections), or multi-drop (for dialup connections if ETRN is not supported by your Internet provider).
Ze mail r-r-retriefal mode kan be set to standard (for dedicated Internet konnections), ETR-r-rN (recommended for dialup konnections), or multi-drop (for dialup konnections if ETR-r-rN ist not supported by your Internet profider).

Delegate mail server
Delegate mail serfer

Your e-smith system includes a complete, full-featured email server. However, if for some reason you wish to delegate email processing to another system, specify the IP address of the delegate system here. For normal operation, leave this field blank.
Your e-smid system includes a komplete, full-featured email serfer. Howefer, if for some r-r-reason you visch to delegate email processingkt to anoder system, specify ze IP address uff de delegate system here. For normal operation, leafe dis field blank.

ETRN and Multi-drop Options
ETR-r-rN undt Multi-drop Options

Secondary mail server
Secondary mail serfer

As you are using ETRN or Multi-drop, you must specify the hostname or IP address of your secondary mail server.
As you are usingkt ETR-r-rN or Multi-drop, you must specify ze hostname or IP address uff your secondary mail serfer.

During office hours (8:00am to 6:00pm on weekdays)
Duringkt office hours (8:00am to 6:00pm on veekdays)

You can control how frequently the e-smith server and gateway contacts your secondary email server to fetch email. More frequent connections mean that you receive your email more quickly, but also cause Internet requests to be sent more often, possibly increasing your phone and Internet charges.
You kan kontrol how frequently ze e-smid serfer undt gateway kontacts your secondary email serfer to fetch email. More frequent konnections mean dat you r-r-receife your email more quickly, but also kause Internet r-r-requests to be sent more often, possibly increasingkt your phone undt Internet kharges.

Outside office hours on weekdays
Outside office hours on veekdays

During the weekend
Duringkt ze weekend

Multi-drop Options
Multi-drop Options

POP user account
POP user account

POP user password
POP user password

Sort method
Sort medod

Multi-drop Sort Header
Multi-drop Sort Header

Specify a header to sort by
Specify a header to sort by

