e-smith demo application
i-smeet demu eppleeceshun

Change email retrieval settings
Chunge-a imeeel retreeefel setteengs

Rebecca's field
Rebecca's feeeld

Email retrieval mode
Imeeel retreeefel mude-a

The mail retrieval mode can be set to standard (for dedicated Internet connections), ETRN (recommended for dialup connections), or multi-drop (for dialup connections if ETRN is not supported by your Internet provider).
Zee meeel retreeefel mude-a cun be-a set tu stunderd (fur dedeeceted Internet cunnecshuns), ITRN (recummunded fur deeeloop cunnecshuns), oor mooltee-drup (fur deeeloop cunnecshuns iff ITRN is nut sooppurted by yuoor Internet prufeeder).

Delegate mail server
Bork Bork Bork!

Your e-smith system includes a complete, full-featured email server. However, if for some reason you wish to delegate email processing to another system, specify the IP address of the delegate system here. For normal operation, leave this field blank.
Delegete-a meeel serfer

ETRN and Multi-drop Options
Yuoor i-smeet system incloodes a cumplete-a, fooll-feetoored imeeel serfer. Hooefer, iff fur sume-a reesun yuoo veesh tu delegete-a imeeel prucesseeng tu unuzeer system, speceeffy zee IP eddress ooff zee delegete-a system here-a. Fur nurmel oopereshun, leefe-a thees feeeld blunk.

Secondary mail server
Bork Bork Bork!

As you are using ETRN or Multi-drop, you must specify the hostname or IP address of your secondary mail server.
ITRN und Mooltee-drup Oopshuns

During office hours (8:00am to 6:00pm on weekdays)
Secundery meeel serfer

You can control how frequently the e-smith server and gateway contacts your secondary email server to fetch email. More frequent connections mean that you receive your email more quickly, but also cause Internet requests to be sent more often, possibly increasing your phone and Internet charges.
Es yuoo ere-a useeng ITRN oor Mooltee-drup, yuoo moost speceeffy zee hustneme-a oor IP eddress ooff yuoor secundery meeel serfer.

Outside office hours on weekdays
Bork Bork Bork!

During the weekend
Dooreeng oofffeece-a huoors (8:00em tu 6:00pm oon veekdeys)

Multi-drop Options
Yuoo cun cuntrul hoo freqoountly zee i-smeet serfer und getevey cuntects yuoor secundery imeeel serfer tu fetch imeeel. Mure-a freqoount cunnecshuns meun thet yuoo receeefe-a yuoor imeeel mure-a qooeeckly, boot elsu coose-a Internet reqooests tu be-a sunt mure-a oofftee, pusseebly increeseeng yuoor phune-a und Internet cherges.

POP user account
Bork Bork Bork!

POP user password
Ooootseede-a oofffeece-a huoors oon veekdeys

Sort method
Dooreeng zee veekund

Multi-drop Sort Header
Mooltee-drup Oopshuns

Specify a header to sort by
POP user eccuoont

This field must not be left blank.
Bork!
